Add note about mapbox token to README (#80)
ember-learn/super-rentals-tutorial: README.md

* Probably only works on unix/bash for now (PRs welcome)
  * Should probably run the build in a docker container anyway
* `yarn install`
* `MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN=your-token-here yarn build`
  * Please note that you will need a Mapbox token in order to successfully run `yarn build`, otherwise the build will fail due to failing to load the map images. You can get your own token [here](https://account.mapbox.com/access-tokens). Once you have a token, you should assign it to the `MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN` environment variable.

> 

Reviewer: Does this extra newline separate out things into two lists?

Author: oops

  * Should probably run the build in a docker container anyway
* `yarn install`

> * `yarn build`

Reviewer: Should this just say `MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN=your-token-here yarn build`

Author: probably 👍

>   * Please note that you will need a Mapbox token in order to successfully run `yarn build`. You can get your own token [here](https://account.mapbox.com/access-tokens). Once you have a token, you can build the project by running `MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN=your-token-here yarn build`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Please note that you will need a Mapbox token in order to successfully run `yarn build`, otherwise the build will fail due to failing to load the map images. You can get your own token [here](https://account.mapbox.com/access-tokens). Once you have a token, you should assign it to the `MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN` environment variable.
```
